the blood doesn't dry in
Gaza Israel won't let
it in a single day areas around three
hospitals were
hit this one at the gates of gaza's
largest hospital
alifa these people had hope the Convoy
of ambulances was heading to the Rua
Crossing to enter Egypt and its
occupants to get treatment but Israeli
strikes killed any glimmer of hope they
had of escaping this
war these were critically wounded that
we cannot attend to at the hospital
everyone was aware of the Red Cross the
red crescent even the Israeli occupation
were aware that this is a medical Convoy
in line with the Geneva Convention and
international
law hospitals already at Breaking Point
inundated with the
injured treating patients in any place
they
can these are the scenes following a
strike near Al's Hospital Windows
shattered Blood on the the floor people
inside Sheltering wondering if the next
strike will be their
last another hospital Panic inside these
are the conditions staff at the
Indonesian Hospital must work under the
walls and ceilings shaking and damaged
from Israeli
strikes people have flock to hospitals
believing they are sacred a safe space a
sanctuary a school bombed it was
Sheltering displaced families this war
has proven there is nothing safe in Gaza
nothing safe acred nothing Israel won't
strike the sound of children playing has
fallen silent in
Gaza it's been replaced with their cries
Israel told people to evacuate north of
Gaza for the South yet this is what they
did to this Convoy of
cars civilians trying to get to safety
their bodies now lay in the street too
dangerous for anyone to stop to recover
them
I used the coastal AR rashed road to
flee from northern Gaza about 500 met
from the Gaza Valley we came under a
barrage of shells from Israeli warships
anchored offshore also Israeli snipers
were stationed a kilometer and a half
away at Al zakra area all the vehicles
traveling on the road were riddled with
shells and bullets a horse carriage was
hit all on board were killed even the
animal was Torn to
Pieces the US Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin was in T Aviv on Friday he said
Israel should do more to protect
Palestinian
civilians Israel answered in Gaza with
yet more Palestinian
blood Assad bag Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer